{\rtf \tx504 \li504 \fi-504 \sl240 \slmult1 \sa0 [1]\tab \uc0\u8220{}*MODAL DYNAMIC.\uc0\u8221{} [Online]. Available: http://web.mit.edu/calculix_v2.7/CalculiX/ccx_2.7/doc/ccx/node218.html. [Accessed: 14-Nov-2018].
\
[2]\tab \uc0\u8220{}(8) Tuned mass damper - Video Learning - WizScience.com - YouTube.\uc0\u8221{} [Online]. Available: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1c2-ut_-7z4. [Accessed: 13-Nov-2018].
\
[3]\tab \uc0\u8220{}(8) What is a Tuned Mass Damper? - YouTube.\uc0\u8221{} [Online]. Available: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f1U4SAgy60c. [Accessed: 13-Nov-2018].
\
[4]\tab \uc0\u8220{}(PDF) Mathematical Modeling of the Process of Vibration Protection in a System with two-mass Damper Pendulum,\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}ResearchGate}. [Online]. Available: https://www.researchgate.net/publication/315342071_Mathematical_Modeling_of_the_Process_of_Vibration_Protection_in_a_System_with_two-mass_Damper_Pendulum. [Accessed: 14-Nov-2018].
\
[5]\tab \uc0\u8220{}Chegg.com.\uc0\u8221{} [Online]. Available: https://prod.cheggstudy.prod2.cheggnet.com/homework-help/questions-and-answers/solve-using-matlab-please-solve-task-d-task-d-region-earthquake-occurs-ground-motion-simpl-q23750076. [Accessed: 14-Nov-2018].
\
[6]\tab \uc0\u8220{}Cool Formula For Calculating Skyscraper Sway,\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mathspig Blog}, 21-Mar-2011. .
\
[7]\tab \uc0\u8220{}Damped Oscillation.\uc0\u8221{} [Online]. Available: http://webhome.phy.duke.edu/~rgb/Class/phy51/phy51/node24.html. [Accessed: 14-Nov-2018].
\
[8]\tab \uc0\u8220{}Double Mass-Spring-Damper in Simulink and Simscape - MATLAB & Simulink.\uc0\u8221{} [Online]. Available: https://www.mathworks.com/help/physmod/simscape/examples/double-mass-spring-damper-in-simulink-and-simscape.html. [Accessed: 14-Nov-2018].
\
[9]\tab J. Rehmeyer, \uc0\u8220{}Equation: Formula for Calculating a Skycraper\uc0\u8217{}s Sway,\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Wired}, vol. 18, no. 12, 29-Nov-2010.
\
[10]\tab J. Rehmeyer, \uc0\u8220{}Equation: Formula for Calculating a Skycraper\uc0\u8217{}s Sway,\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Wired}, vol. 18, no. 12, 29-Nov-2010.
\
[11]\tab FTechWritingFollow, \uc0\u8220{}How to Model a Simple Spring-Mass-Damper Dynamic System in Matlab,\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Instructables.com}. [Online]. Available: https://www.instructables.com/id/How-to-Model-a-Simple-Spring-mass-damper-Dynamic-S/. [Accessed: 14-Nov-2018].
\
[12]\tab \uc0\u8220{}M2_Day5.pdf,\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Google Docs}. [Online]. Available: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1xtfCsy0hrA6AAcSiKKuTMup1UNeff3dr/preview?usp=embed_facebook. [Accessed: 13-Nov-2018].
\
[13]\tab \uc0\u8220{}M2_Day8.pdf,\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Google Docs}. [Online]. Available: https://drive.google.com/file/d/13VhFHFekySkBULUeV8kzLgr3UW3b96r9/preview?usp=embed_facebook. [Accessed: 13-Nov-2018].
\
[14]\tab \uc0\u8220{}M2_Night5.pdf,\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Google Docs}. [Online]. Available: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1EPkxe2mF3it0moG_IV-3p8-bG8CRJ1xd/preview?usp=embed_facebook. [Accessed: 13-Nov-2018].
\
[15]\tab \uc0\u8220{}M2_Night8.pdf,\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Google Docs}. [Online]. Available: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1pYl9qYt-Ce0BCiClk9c1Zz6w6p5Oo3ZP/preview?usp=embed_facebook. [Accessed: 13-Nov-2018].
\
[16]\tab M. Mattei and F. Ricciardelli, \uc0\u8220{}Mathematical Model for Design of Mass Dampers for Wind Excited Structures,\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}JOURNAL OF ENGINEERING MECHANICS}, vol. 128, pp. 979\uc0\u8211{}988, Sep. 2002.
\
[17]\tab \uc0\u8220{}Modal Analysis: What it is and is not,\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}ESTEQ}, 25-Nov-2014. .
\
[18]\tab H. Fan, Q. S. Li, A. Y. Tuan, and L. Xu, \uc0\u8220{}Seismic analysis of the world\uc0\u8217{}s tallest building,\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Journal of Constructional Steel Research}, vol. 65, no. 5, pp. 1206\uc0\u8211{}1215, May 2009.
\
[19]\tab \uc0\u8220{}Structural dynamics,\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Wikipedia}. 26-Sep-2018.
\
[20]\tab \uc0\u8220{}Taipei 101 Tower | Mathspig Blog.\uc0\u8221{} [Online]. Available: https://mathspig.wordpress.com/tag/taipei-101-tower/. [Accessed: 13-Nov-2018].
\
[21]\tab \uc0\u8220{}Taipei 101 Tower | Mathspig Blog.\uc0\u8221{} .
\
[22]\tab K.-C. Chen, J.-H. Wang, B.-S. Huang, C.-C. Liu, and W.-G. Huang, \uc0\u8220{}Vibrations of the TAIPEI 101 skyscraper caused by the 2011 Tohoku earthquake, Japan,\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Earth Planet Sp}, vol. 64, no. 12, p. 23, Jan. 2013.
\
[23]\tab \uc0\u8220{}What causes an earthquake? What types of waves are produced? | The Hutchinson Unabridged Encyclopedia with Atlas and Weather Guide - Credo Reference.\uc0\u8221{} [Online]. Available: https://search.credoreference.com/content/entry/heliconhe/what_causes_an_earthquake_what_types_of_waves_are_produced/0#? [Accessed: 12-Nov-2018].
\
[24]\tab \uc0\u8220{}Wired: Formula for Calculating a Skycraper?s Sway,\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}AEC Forensics}, 10-Dec-2010. .
\
}